Add incident communications and DNS redundancy articles (#1876)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/dns-redundancy.md

---
title: DNS Redundancy Options at DNSimple
excerpt: How to add DNS redundancy to your domains using secondary DNS or multi-provider setups.
meta: Learn when and how to add DNS redundancy at DNSimple. Compare secondary DNS via zone transfer (AXFR) with multi-provider DNS sync to protect your domains from outages.
categories:
- Secondary DNS
---

# DNS Redundancy Options at DNSimple

### Table of Contents {#toc}

* TOC
{:toc}

---

> DNS redundancy means having more than one DNS provider answering queries for your domains. If one provider experiences an outage, the other continues serving DNS responses, keeping your domains online.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNS redundancy means having more than one DNS provider answering queries for your domains. If one provider experiences an outage, the other continues serving DNS responses, helping keep DNS resolution available.
```
